While updating your tools might not seem like the first
place to look when you run into problems, I ran into an
issue where everything looked right, but I was still running into errors.
For me, it turned out that Azure CLI needed to be updated.
After updating it, these errors disappeared.
A simple fix once I knew to do it.
While this was an Azure Kubernetes Services‑specific issue,
I'm sure this could certainly occur with other Kubernetes providers as well.
For AKS,
the current version of the Azure CLI is 2.16.0. You can check the version
you're using by running the az version command, like you see here. And you
can update the tool using the az upgrade command.
Quite simple to upgrade.
Another tool that I found to be helpful was the Visual
Studio Code Kubernetes extension.
You know,
you certainly don't need to use Visual Studio Code to
develop your Kubernetes projects.
You can use any text editor to create YAML files, and
you can run them directly from Bash.
However, Visual Studio Code does offer a feature rich editing experience,
and the Kubernetes extension provides some really helpful features.
It provides YAML syntax checking, as well as indentation marking,
which can be surprisingly useful because YAML is quite sensitive to indentation.
It also enables you to view your clusters in an Explorer tree
view and provides IntelliSense for Kubernetes resources. You
can install it by clicking on the Extensions icon that you can
see on the left‑most pane, then selecting Extensions/Kubernetes.
If you're working with Azure Kubernetes Services then you can choose Extensions/Azure Kubernetes Service to install that as well.